I'm here in Marinelo and this town is
Ferrari. Everywhere you go, you cannot
escape the logo, the name, people just
coming to be a part of this brand. Today
we're going to go inside their iconic
factories to see how one of the most
powerful racing teams in the world
turned Ferrari into one of the world's
most valuable brands.
>> Ferrari is from far the most iconic team
in F1.
The story, the past, and the future.
This combination is not an easy one.
>> Ferrari isn't just a Formula 1 team.
It's part of the soul of the sport
itself. The longest running and most
successful team in F1 history. For 75
years, the Italian icon has been the
bridge between racing's romantic past
and its high-tech future. Can you
imagine Ferrari without racing?
>> No, the racing is part of our DNA. I
said before, we are born from racing. We
are racing and we will race in the
future.
>> F1 has never been more popular with its
built-in drama captivating fans across
the globe like never before. While the
prancing horse maintains a massive place
in the motorsport imagination, its
diehard fans desperately want Ferrari to
get back to championship form. And its
leaders in racing and manufacturing know
that winning is the best thing for
business.
So, how does the most iconic name in
motorsport continue to outpace the
competition?
This is Power Players.
Oh boy.
>> Racing feels intrinsic to Ferrari's very
existence.
>> And you know where we're going.
>> Yes.
>> The beautiful things of this car that
you can drive it like a panda, you know,
for going to a supermarket,
>> right? or you you can go really fast.
>> Getting behind the wheel of one of their
road cars, like the 296 GTS I'm in
today, is a powerful experience.
>> All right, it's my turn.
[Music]
And even if I'm driving far more
cautiously than Lorenzo, I can't help
but feel like I'm getting a taste of the
Formula 1 life. But with no major F1
titles in over 15 years and hundreds of
millions spent on racing every year, is
Ferrari still getting its return on
investment? So, a lot of people when
they come to Marinelo, they end up here
in the Ferrari factory.
This is the heart of a $6 billion car
business that Ferrari has. That's $6
billion worth of cars every year. But
keep in mind, there's a cap on how many
they make. Only about 14,000. And in
fact, in 2023, they only made 13,700.
Why do they make so few? Well, each
engine is made by hand. And that means
they're not making that many of them.
It's funny to think about how much the
Ferrari factory is in conversation with
the Ferrari F1 team. There are elements
of this that actually feel a lot like a
pit lane. There's a countdown clock.
There are these guys, you know, running
around doing things on very expensive,
very fast cars. It's a reminder how much
these parts of the business really talk
to each other.
>> Ferrari now wholly owns and operates its
F1 team and it's overseen by the same
CEO which isn't the case for all F1
teams where the consumer car business
and the racing business are kept
separate.
>> This is a car that is
using a technology that is used also for
sports cars.
>> That man is Ferrari CEO Benadetto
Vignia. Vignia has one of the most
fascinating career trajectories in the
sport. From championing semiconductor
technology to now helming a brand he
grew up steeped in. For 5 years I
covered Intel, Texas Instruments. Like
your old world. Oh my god.
>> In a different different dynamic. It's
more transactional. That world is more
transactional. Totally. This is more
human.
>> Yeah.
The connection of this brand to Italy,
to the Italian people, to the whole
world is massive. What was your
relationship to the brand Ferrari before
this?
>> My relation starts when I was child. I I
would pay you don't know how much to
find my original backpack. It was blue.
I was going to primary school and there
was a red Ferrari with the driver of a
yellow helmet.
>> Wow.
>> So, you know, all Italian are very much
in love and are very much attached to.
>> And why is that? You see Ferrari at
least the way I started to see it for
the racing dimension. Racing means what?
Becoming first being able to realize
your dream. It's about Yes. redefining
the limit of possible and with passion.
>> Yeah.
>> If you want is the story of humankind is
this continuous will to progress. Maybe
at least for me this is the way I see I
see Ferrari.
>> So many people come here. I mean that
it's a pilgrimage. What are they coming
to see?
>> 900,000 people get here in Marinelo in
Mon to see what we did in our past. I
mean 900,000 people is one person every
let's say two person per minute in the
full year considering the night.
>> That's a lot of people and and I dare
say because I put myself in this
category many of those people are not
going to be your customers. I'm never I
am I mean unless something really
different happens in my career I'm
probably not going to be a customer and
yet you know I'm very drawn to this
>> never say never
>> never say never exactly but you know
aspirations audaciousness
>> in this sense I like to say that we are
a unique company we are unique because
in our company there are if you want
three wheels that make our brand
exclusive and inclusive which are these
three wheels number one is the heritage
and all the storytelling that we are
putting Number two is about the
technology content and then the third
wheel is about the racing dimension.
When you come through that gate, you
realize how inextricably tied this
company is with its racing heritage and
the deep connection to Italy. I don't
know of many companies that have that
connection.
>> If you want the the history of Ferrari
as a company is very much ingrained with
history of Ferrari in the 20th century.
also the history if you want of Enzo
Ferrari himself because he was born in
1898. He died in 1988
at 90 years old. We can reconstruct you
know all the faces of the history
>> of Italy during these 100 years.
>> Fast forward to 2025 and ironically
Ferrari's F1 team is now guided by a
Frenchman. Fred Vasser took control of
what many consider the biggest
motorsport brand in the world. The vast
majority of Ferrari's revenue comes from
the sale of its cars and parts. And in
the landscape of F1, the Ferrari brand
continues to outpace its rival
automakers when it comes to valuations.
But with Ferrari's sprawling fan base
watching its every move, Vauour faces a
challenge unlike any other team
principle in the sport. How do you lead
a team that isn't just racing for F1
championships, but carrying the weight
of its most iconic emblem? It's nice at
least to to work today with people that
grow up in the past with me. For Louis
was 20 years ago, child it was 14 years
ago. But when I started F1, I was not
even dreaming about Ferrari. When I
joined Ferrari couple of years ago is
where you feel the brand. When you are
outside, it's a bit different. When you
are into the company, it's a it's a mega
positive feeling. The first time that
you arrive to the gate and you have fans
the morning this feeling is something
mega strange. Now let's say like this
that the 10 years before in F1 I had
less fan in front of the factory than
the first day at Ferrari.
>> What is it about the brand that attracts
so many people do you think?
>> Well you can go everywhere in the world
that on every single track of the
championship you have at least 50% of
the fans are tosi. You go to Australia,
you have the fans of Pestri, but you
have the fans of Fer. You go to China,
it's the same. You go everywhere in the
world. It's also true at the factory
that I don't know at what time you
arrived this morning, but the morning we
have fans waiting outside just to make a
picture. I remember also last year when
we won in Monza that when the mechanics
came back at 1:00 a.m. after the race
that still tuzzy waiting for them and
this is something unusual in my
business. It's perhaps it's happen in
football teams or but not in motor
racing and and this for us it's a a huge
push a huge energy and we are taking it
like this that it's an extra motivation
>> extra motivation a lot of pressure too.
>> I always put the pressure on myself. The
pressure at Ferrari is so high that its
most recent bumpy season had persistent
rumors circulating that Vauour's job was
at risk until they announced he'd signed
a multi-year contract in late summer of
25.
>> It's a tough exercise, but I think
Ferrari is the best example that we can
be very proud of the past and to look
after the future. It's part of the magic
of Ferrari.
>> Here's Italy's Ferrari 13 times world
champion.
>> Sporting dimension racing for us has
been key through all the history. Having
the racing side embedded in the company
has several advantage. I would like to
say that maybe the biggest advantage.
It's a way that you develop technologies
that you bring later from the track to
the road. It's a technological pipeline
that's been flowing for decades, turning
the weekend's racing innovations into
Monday's automotive breakthroughs. And
it's a huge part of why F1 remains so
fruitful for Ferrari. In the 1960s,
Ferrari's V12 engines developed in F1
Competition became the beating heart of
legendary road cars like the 250 GTO and
Daytona. The aerodynamic features
developed for their racing prototypes at
Le Man helped shape the sleek bodywork
of supercars throughout the 1970s. And
in the 80s, the carbon fiber
construction techniques perfected under
racing's extreme conditions formed the
backbone of models like the SF90. Even
seemingly simple innovations make the
jump. paddle shifters that F1 drivers
used to change gears in milliseconds
became standard in Ferrari road cars by
the late '9s. More recently, the same
hybrid technology that powers many other
high-performance vehicles first appeared
in Ferrari's 2013 La Ferrari Supercar.
And Ferrari's advanced aerodynamics
continued to be developed in wind
tunnels for racing and also help road
cars accelerate more efficiently. The
question now is whether that same
transfer will work as Ferrari prepares
for its biggest technological leap yet,
going fully electric. The first time we
Ferrari add an electrified car was in
Formula 1 2009 with F1. And then four
years later, we had a supercar
electrified in 2013. And then after
that, in 2019, we announced six hybrid
cars. Then we had the F80 supercar
hybrid and then we had two other hybrid
recently. And if you want the next step
that we will start to unveil end of this
year for the electric car is a natural
progression is a way to demonstrate that
we in Ferrari can harness any technology
to deliver unique emotion to the driver.
Is the journey for electrification maybe
slowing a bit based on the the market
what the market will bear or not?
>> No. No. And I say no no no. I'm telling
this for the obvious reason you may know
>> but we said was 16 June 22 the capital
market day we said we will unveil the
car in Q425 and that's where we are. So
we are proceeding according to the plan.
If you open the window here, you can see
the E building. That is a building where
we can make any kind of car. I think
that we are on track with the plan of
electric car. We are on track. We have a
flexible manufacturing infrastructure
that enable us to do any car the client
the client wants.
>> But Ferrari's electric journey has been
no easy road. And by sinking millions
into the Ebuilding, Vignia is certainly
taking on no small risk and plenty of
skepticism. There's been reports there's
little demand for an electric model.
There's challenges building batteries
capable of the speed Ferrari requires.
And then there's the issue of the
Ferrari Roar being replaced by silent
engines. Plus, it's taken them more than
a decade of development to get to this
point into a very uncertain market. It's
such an interesting opportunity,
challenge, however you want to approach
it, to balance that legacy aspect, that
heritage with innovation. You know, you
have to be so technologically advanced
and yet you do have this, you know, this
this legacy.
How do you balance that?
>> There is only one flow of information if
you want because the sport team is
always more advanced than the sport car
team. All the car all the car that we
have today on the road are having some
features that have been uh developed
thanks to our racing activities.
I think there are three ways to the
innovation. One is technology push. You
have a technology you push on the
market. One is market pull. You wait for
the client to tell you what to do.
Another one that is what we do is
emotiondriven innovation. What does it
mean? It means that I use that specific
technology with one goal in mind to
please to activate the emotional part of
the driver. I see with optimism the
future and I think this is important.
Not easy not easy but you know to do
this properly you need to be ready that
if you do some if you make some mistake
well you can recover. There was a nice
sentence of Enzo Ferrari that he was
telling the the the the best Ferrari
will be the next one.
>> That next Ferrari race car will be one
built not by choice but out of necessity
as the team is staring down a brand new
regulation in 2026 for all of Formula 1.
One that many considered the biggest
technical revolution in decades. One
that will completely rewrite the rules
for engines, chassis, and fuel systems
all at once. It's a clean slate that
could either reestablish Ferrari's
dominance or expose its relative
weakness against an increasingly
competitive field. One that will welcome
an American team Cadillac to the grid in
2026.
>> 2026 the new regulations come out.
You're already, you know, sort of
thinking about that. From an engineering
perspective, is that exciting to you? I
mean, it must be a big potential but
also a challenge, right?
>> 26. It's the biggest challenge of the F1
of the last uh 30 years perhaps and this
for sure it's full of unknown. Today we
are starting from clean sheet and uh we
have to do own project. We don't know if
the others are going on complete
different directions and so and you have
to trust yourself on your choices to be
and to be self-confident to to move
forward. But it's a it's a challenge
because we don't know at all about what
the others will do. And it's a
>> you know with your engineering hat what
do you think about looking around the
corner
>> probably that the challenge is to stay
where we are in term of success exposure
and to lead the techno and what is
difficult is that we had a kind of
inertia to the regulation to decide what
will be the regulation of 2035.
I would say that almost we have to
decide it now we have between five and
10 years it mean that it's not easy to
to imagine what will be the car industry
in 2035 that you know that I think
people are changing now quite quickly uh
and it's a challenge
>> while VUR grapples with the complexities
of racing technology Ferrari's also
evolving on the commercial side the same
technological revolution reshaping
Formula 1 in the garage is transforming
how the business operates from the
partnerships it pursues to the fans it
reaches. Lorenzo Georgetti, Ferrari's
chief revenue officer, has watched the
sport explode into a global
entertainment phenomenon that's
rewriting the rules of sports marketing
and paving the way for the future of
Ferrari.
>> The biggest game changer was the TV
production. It improved a lot. It's a
very complicated sport. It was
impossible to be accessible. If you
watch even five races of 20 years ago,
you don't understand anything. Since
Liberty purchased the F1 put in place to
enlarge the audience and make sure that
was not just focused on the motor racing
fans, but stretching a lot into such
more mainstream sport events. So I think
the biggest innovation that has been
done by Liberty was creating a lot of
information data uh team radio giving
the possibility to more people to
understand the the sport. Then it came
the the the Netflix effect.
>> These guys have an almost fighter pilot
mentality.
>> It's easier for them to be close to this
kind of way of consuming sport. For us
the brand is the equity of the company
and we need to make sure that everyone
who touch our brand is able to do it in
a way that is uh uh for healthy for both
the brand connection with motorsports
fans with Ferrari does feel deeper than
any other brand. Is that just a
perception or is that actually true?
>> We call it inspire the dream of many
while you deliver the dream of few.
Ferrari attributes most of its recent
growth in brand awareness to the media
growth of F1. Meanwhile, according to
Ferrari's recent studies, they claimed
390 million fans world over and more
than 40% of the total F1 fan base.
That's something uh that give us this
stature which is important for brands
and partners because you don't uh
partner with brands that they have their
own commercial strategy, they have their
own uh main goal while they are in F1.
We are in F1 for defense.
>> When you think about, you know, looking
after the the racing revenue, how do you
see the relationship between sort of the
overall company and racing when it comes
to the business? How how does each
inform each other? This ecosystem was
not possible before because Kuderia
Ferrari was completely separated by
sports car and not reporting to the CEO
and this is happen with software with
hardware with many different products
that the partners are happy to uh
integrate their service with what
Ferrari is doing and that's the reality
of what has changed in the last uh three
years to Ferrari but in the last one
year if you consider to F1 one they have
on boarded Louis Vuitton, Barilla,
KitKat, Disney, all consumer brands.
>> How do you think about sort of the
business side of F1? You know, you were
in demand with sponsors and partners and
and how do you sort of weave that into
the job?
>> Yeah, we had we had a huge huge change
in F1 the last five years.
>> Um clearly that the F1 was struggling
before the COVID I would say that and
before Netflix for different reasons
with different factors. We had a
complete upside down on the on the
business side mainly due to Netflix
honestly that it was a a big change in
the
in F1 but attracting a lot of new fans.
We were in the situation that we were
keeping the same fan over the years for
ages and we were able to attract new
fans that the profile of the fan changed
much younger much more female and for
the sponsor it's a game changer. help me
understand how Formula 1 does fit in as
a business.
>> It's key today. It will be key in the
future and that's also the reason why we
have lemon car also the racing on the
ocean right
>> the super boat allow me to call in this
way diade
>> yes
>> activities I think this is important
because in that domain you develop
technologies and you provide also a
platform that attract partners that are
willing to work together with us. How
does that get reflected sort of daytoday
that sort of that that marriage between
the racing side and the sports car side?
It's delivering a platform that is
universal to engage sponsors in
different activities. There is one
important message that for me is very
important. We have always to stay
humble. We have always to have a
confident humility. We have always to
stay with the four wheels on the ground
because the things can go well in one
race and they don't go well in the
following race. You know a lot of times
you have to push the management to do
training courses to remember them that
you have to be paranoid. How do you
measure return on investment for racing?
Is this a profitable business for you?
>> I would like to say in this way I mean
there is as I said the return is on at
least two dimension. Number one is more
material if you want more measurable.
It's about the number of sponsor you are
able to bring on board. Okay. Number two
indirect but is important because over
there you are developing technologies
that you bring later to the sport car.
>> I like to say that you know our brand
is like a nut. There is a liquid inside
that you have to protect the thickness
of the the nutshell. You have to nurture
it otherwise it becomes thinner and
thinner. The racing activities is a way
for us to make thicker thicker the
nutshell and now the racing is
supporting is helping to make thicker
the nutshell that is protecting the the
brand soul. I like to visualize in this
way. We have two eyes. With one eye we
have to look at the past. With one eye
we have to look at the future. Then we
have one brain. We have to put together
information. We have to make up you know
our model of the world. We know how we
get here.
But we also need to question ourselves
if what we did still make sense to do
for the future or we have to take some
risk because at the end of the story if
you want to redefine the limit of
possible you have to to do something
that is new.
>> Can Ferrari maintain its position as the
heart of racing while adapting to an
increasingly digital landscape? The
company continues to capture the
imagination of fans around the world,
but also must live up to their
expectations and deliver with results.
At the end of the day, Ferrari's mission
is one driven by passion, and that
passion doesn't show any signs of
letting up anytime soon.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]